Update custom-roles.md (#10406)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender/custom-roles.md

> [!NOTE]
> Incident management requires management permissions for all products that are part of the incident.
 

> | **M365 defender workload**  | **One of the following roles are required for Defender for Endpoint**  | **One of the following roles are required for Defender for Office 365** | **One of the following roles are required for Defender for Cloud Apps** | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Microsoft 365 Defender workload**  | **One of the following roles is required for Defender for Endpoint**  | **One of the following roles is required for Defender for Office 365** | **One of the following roles is required for Defender for Cloud Apps** | 
```
